The name of Judas is clear to everyone, be them embedded within Christian culture or not. It is a very classic example of a name that expresses an _undead_ concept; a name that stands for immortality in its symbolic dimension: betrayal _is_ Judas, Judas _is_ betrayal. The problem comes when one tries to repeat within one's mind the notion of how can someone betray that which is all-knowing and thus, by definition, _cannot_ be double-crossed.

Now, there are several routes one can take to explain this - the most obvious one is that this betrayal was allowed by Christ so that He could fill his worldly mission and redeem humanity. And that is precisely when it gets interesting: for Christ to become Christ, for him to actualize the very notion He was meant to, there needed to be someone who took on the identity of the highest ever criminal. In a very Hegelian fashion, there needed to be the "necessary error" to create the very conditions within which Truth could come into being. 

Within Christianity, Christ sacrifice's is the highest possible one. So much so that, for some, this act is what enabled the new universal religion to avoid having to perform the _actual_ ritual of sacrifice (from Abraham to Noah and onward to the Temple sacrifices): what is needed instead is the re-enactment of such a painful sacrifice, the bemoaning of that particular moment, repeating it on and on, something achieved in the Eucharist.

Some space gets opened up here. What one is able to see is that Jesus, the person, gains everything from this: as Zizek puts it, "What dies on the cross is not only the earthly-finite representative of God, but God himself, the very transcendent God of beyond". The eternal Jesus is elevated into an eternal Being, always present; the redeemer himself, the savior of all. What He gains is the very possibility of universal acceptance: He died for my sins and so I should love him with all my heart. The problem is that, precisely, Christ loses the earthly existence, but gains eternal love from all His followers. 

What kind of sacrifice is this? It seems to be the case that this could be framed precisely as a _calculated_ sacrifice; some that yields high returns. Even if this is not consciously the case, the very notion of sacrifice gets lost in here: the true value of sacrifice should be for it's own sake. Here, one is reminded of Kan'ts notion of "duty for duty's sake" -- and the formula should be strictly applied: "sacrifice for sacrifice's sake". 

To bring another pure expression of Christianity here, it is enough to think how antagonistic this can be for, say, the Holy Fools - those who sacrifice _everything_, _even their symbolic redeeming_. Jesus here is, one way or another, exploiting the big Other -- there is a guarantee of meaning.

The real sacrifice thus has to be that of Judas. And this in itself is problematic: we _cannot_ redeem his sacrifice, otherwise we would be putting him at the same level as the dirty sacrifice of Christ. We have to let it be for no purpose whatsoever; yet, at the same time, it is impossible not to acknowledge the fact that Judas has sacrificed not only his mortal being, _but immortality itself_: Judas is the figure who enables Christianity to realize it's Notion, yet _precisely_ because of hes doing so is seen as the highest order criminal. Without Judas or someone else to betray Christ, there is no Christianity. 

This is one of the many paradoxes within Christian thinking. And to expand on it, one has to go much more to the point: if Christianity is the religion of sacrifice, _the highest sacrifice is that done by the one who is non-Christian_. That is to say, the one who defies Christian teachings in order to, say, save their own nation. The one who is willing to sacrifice not only terrestrial life, but ready to accept eternal suffering so as to allow others to achieve whatever it is they need to.

In this sense, the realest Christian _has_ to end up in Christian Hell.
